en/index.md, before:

<div id="sidebar2" class="hideInMobile">
	<div class="intro">
		<p>COSCUP is the largest open source conference in Taiwan, organized by communities.</p>
		<p class="more"><a href="about/">Learn more »</a></p>
	</div>
	<h2>Facebook Page</h2>
	<iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/likebox.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fcoscup&amp;width=288&amp;colorscheme=light&amp;show_faces=false&amp;stream=false&amp;header=true&amp;height=62" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border:none; overflow:hidden; width:288px; height:62px; background-color: #fff"></iframe>
	<h2>COSCUP 2010 Videos</h2>
	<iframe class="video" title="YouTube video player" width="288" height="246" style="width: 288px; height: 246px" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/sr8uVCBxXcU" frameborder="0"  allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe>
	<p class="more"><a href="#">View all »</a></p>
	<h2>COSCUP 2010 Photo Selections</h2>
	<div class="images"></div>
	<p class="more"><a href="http://www.flickr.com/groups/coscup2010-selection/pool/">View all »</a></p>
</div>

## COSCUP 2011 is calling for sponsorships!

COSCUP is the largest annual <abbr title="Free/Libre/Open Source Software">FLOSS</abbr> conference organized by local communities in Taiwan. The conference has sessions for newbie users, enthusiastic promoters, coders or anyone who is interested in the cutting-edge <abbr title="Free/Libre/Open Source Software">FLOSS</abbr> technologies. The goal is to create a friendly and informative environment for people in different communities to make friends, learn new technologies and inspire each other in the conference.

### Call for Paper will be started from May 7th

（今年主題介紹）

### Sponsor COSCUP

（繼續介紹）

### Important Dates

* Call for papers: May 7th
* Program announced: mid-July
* Registration opens: mid-July
* Conference dates: August 20th - 21st

Commit message:

Add zh-cn home & theme intro at home

en/index.md, after:

<div id="sidebar2" class="hideInMobile">
	<div class="intro">
		<p>COSCUP is the largest open source conference in Taiwan, organized by communities.</p>
		<p class="more"><a href="about/">Learn more »</a></p>
	</div>
	<h2>Facebook Page</h2>
	<iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/likebox.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fcoscup&amp;width=288&amp;colorscheme=light&amp;show_faces=false&amp;stream=false&amp;header=true&amp;height=62" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border:none; overflow:hidden; width:288px; height:62px; background-color: #fff"></iframe>
	<h2>COSCUP 2010 Videos</h2>
	<iframe class="video" title="YouTube video player" width="288" height="246" style="width: 288px; height: 246px" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/sr8uVCBxXcU" frameborder="0"  allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe>
	<p class="more"><a href="#">View all »</a></p>
	<h2>COSCUP 2010 Photo Selections</h2>
	<div class="images"></div>
	<p class="more"><a href="http://www.flickr.com/groups/coscup2010-selection/pool/">View all »</a></p>
</div>

## COSCUP 2011 is calling for sponsorships!

COSCUP is the largest annual <abbr title="Free/Libre/Open Source Software">FLOSS</abbr> conference organized by local communities in Taiwan. The conference has sessions for newbie users, enthusiastic promoters, coders or anyone who is interested in the cutting-edge <abbr title="Free/Libre/Open Source Software">FLOSS</abbr> technologies. The goal is to create a friendly and informative environment for people in different communities to make friends, learn new technologies and inspire each other in the conference.

### Call for Paper will be started from May 7th

The main theme of COSCUP 2011 is "Gadgets beyond Smartphones". Phones
based on Google's open source Android operating system are leading in the
U.S., U.K., France, Germany and Japan. Besides smart phones, the
introduction of the tablet-only Android 3.0 (Honeycomb) has spurred many
analysts to predict that the wave of tablets this year will be dominated by
Android-based devices. The adoption of open source software doesn't stop
there. Televisions, set-top boxes, in-car information systems, medical
hand-held devices are all being built with open source software -- Google
TV, Next TV's popular set-top box in Taiwan are just 2 such examples. It is
clear that the open source paradigm has established a strong foothold in the
device space.

### Sponsor COSCUP

（繼續介紹）

### Important Dates

* Call for papers: May 7th
* Program announced: mid-July
* Registration opens: mid-July
* Conference dates: August 20th - 21st
